doc: known_issues: add entry for DRGN-24930 (#21658)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

The issues in this section are related to :ref:`nrfxlib:softdevice_controller`.
In addition to the known issues listed here, see also :ref:`softdevice_controller_limitations` for permanent limitations.

.. rst-class:: v2-9-0

DRGN-24930: An assert could happen when receiving on the Coded PHY with 7.5 ms ACL connection interval
  The controller could assert when receiving a packet over 27 bytes with a CRC error on the S8 Coded PHY.

>   **Workaround:** Use the ACL connection interval at least 10 ms more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Set the ACL connection interval to a value that is at least 10 ms more.
```

Author: updated https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/21388#discussion_r2039064589
